No-Knead Focaccia Bread

Source: https://www.fleischmannsyeast.com/recipe/no-knead-focaccia-bread/ 

Ingredients

    5 cups all-purpose flour
    1 teaspoon Fleischmann's RapidRise Instant Yeast
    2 teaspoons salt
    2 teaspoons brown sugar
    2 cups warm water
    1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil, divided
    2 tablespoons freshly chopped rosemary
    1 tablespoon flaky salt

Directions

    In a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, yeast, salt, and sugar. Whisk together until thoroughly combined.
    Using a wooden spoon, make a well in the center and add the warm water and ¼ cup of olive oil.
    Mix until the mixture starts coming together and is no longer lumpy. The dough will be wet and sticky, but this is correct!
    Cover the bowl with a dish towel or plastic wrap and let the dough sit for 30 minutes.
    After 30 minutes, use your hands to stretch and pull the outside of the dough into the center of the dough, folding it in on itself.
    Cover the bowl and repeat this 2 more times. After the third fold, cover the bowl and place it in the fridge for at least 12 hours, but up to 24 hours to proof in the fridge.
    After at least 12 hours, take the bowl out of the fridge. Generously grease a 9 x 13-inch pan with 2 tablespoons of olive oil on all sides.
    Transfer the dough to the prepared pan, being careful to keep it in one piece. Gently stretch the dough out towards the edges of the pan. The dough will still be tight from resting in the fridge and will resist getting bigger at first.
    Cover the dough and every fifteen minutes stretch the dough towards the edges of the pan.
    Repeat until you are able to get the dough into an even layer in the pan. Cover the pan with a dish towel or plastic wrap and leave on the counter for 1 hour to proof.
    While the dough is proofing, preheat the oven to 425°F and place a flat sheet pan in the oven. You’ll set the pan with the focaccia dough on top of the preheated sheetpan for baking, to help give it a crisp crust!
    Use fingers to generously dimple the top of the focaccia. If desired, top with the chopped rosemary and sea salt all over the top of the focaccia.
    Bake at 425°F and bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown all over.
    Take the focaccia out of the oven and top with the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil all over.
    Top with more fresh rosemary and salt!
    Allow the focaccia to cool completely before serving! Enjoy!


